Update the download from LGTM section in the readme (#411)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/README.md

This project is an extension for Visual Studio Code that adds rich language support for [CodeQL](https://help.semmle.com/codeql) and allows you to easily find problems in codebases. In particular, the extension:

- Enables you to use CodeQL to query databases generated from source code.
- Shows the flow of data through the results of path queries, which is essential for triaging security results.

> - Provides an easy way to run queries from the large, open source repository of [CodeQL security queries](https://github.com/Semmle/ql).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provides an easy way to run queries from the large, open source repository of [CodeQL security queries](https://github.com/github/codeql).
```

Not related to this PR, but let's update this to the new URL to avoid the redirect 😃

### Cloning the CodeQL starter workspace

When you're working with CodeQL, you need access to the standard CodeQL libraries and queries.

> Initially, we recommend that you clone and use the ready-to-use starter workspace, [https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql-starter/].

Reviewer: What's the reasoning behind the square brackets? They aren't rendered in the markdown preview 🤔 

If you want to avoid the plain text URL, you could use "starter workspace" as the link text: 

```suggestion
Initially, we recommend that you clone and use the ready-to-use [starter workspace](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql-starter/).
```

While you can use the [CodeQL CLI to create your own databases](https://help.semmle.com/codeql/codeql-cli/procedures/create-codeql-database.html), the simplest way to start is by downloading a database from LGTM.com.

> 1. Open [https://lgtm.com] in your browser.

Reviewer: Similar comment about the links. How about:
```suggestion
1. Open [LGTM.com](https://lgtm.com) in your browser.
```

> 1. Search for a project you are interested in, for example [Apache Kafka](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/apache/kafka/ci/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Search for a project you're interested in, for example [Apache Kafka](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/apache/kafka).
```

Let's link to the default project tab here, since people no longer need to download databases from the "Integrations" tab!

> 1. Copy the link to that project, for example [https://lgtm.com/projects/g/apache/kafka?mode=list]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the link to that project, for example `https://lgtm.com/projects/g/apache/kafka`.
```

We might as well link to the "simplest" URL, in case people copy the URL from a different project tab. 

Again, it's best to remove the square brackets as they don't do anything for the markdown rendering. Could include the copy text it in backticks to distinguish it somehow?

> 1. In VS Code, open the command pallette and choose the _CodeQL: Download Database from LGTM_ command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In VS Code, open the Command Palette and choose the **CodeQL: Download Database from LGTM** command.
```

(For consistency with the rest of this page.)

1. Paste the link you copied earlier.
1. Select the language for the database you want to download (only required if the project has databases for multiple languages).

> 1. From here, the CodeQL database has been imported and will be displayed in the Databases view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once the CodeQL database has been imported, it is displayed in the Databases view.
```

(Slight simplification)
